this thing's open People Are Gonna Love
This nobody's riding your track because
it's a single Hill their standards are
too high it's a lame act right stop
talking about my ride I worked hard on
it you start the ride out and you're
thinking wow they put a tree in here and
then you turn around the bend and you're
like whoa it goes uphill too and then
here is when you realize it also goes
downhill and that's when your mind's
[__] blown I can't believe the track
goes uphill and downhill what a great
value thank you for the feedback I love
the exit it's a good ride let us ride
fine wow look at the scenery whoa tree
whoa whoa what what is that a rock wow
oh it is objectively a bad ride